Welcome to Eumirion!

(put introduction to manual here later)

Unit One:

When you start your own site there are a few interesting details you should be aware of. The first one you might have noticed on your own:  Each URL, or Uniform Resource Locator (the Web addresses you type into the browser), has 32 -bits using hexadecimals.  Hexadecimals are used in mathematics and computing using 16 distinct symbols, as we do, that are the numbers "0" through "9" and the letters "a" through "f" (the latter represent values ten to fifteen), i.e. /8 digits/8 digits.  For future reference we will call the first set of eight digits "Kind" and the second set "Unit".  (i.e. /kind/unit)

When you first enter Eumirion we hope you take a moment to look it over.  You should notice the link to the Index page ("Is This An Index").  You should click on the link and once you're on the Index page take a moment to look at that as well.  You will probably notice that each of the items listed in the index are actually links to other pages.  Go ahead and click on a few, using the back arrow at the top left of your screen to return to the Index page.

You've probably noticed that a lot of the pages seem pretty simple but did you also notice the absolute path on the URL of each page is using?  Go ahead and take another look.

Now, in order to start your own web-site all you need to do is find a page that hasn't been taken yet.  Basically, you can click on the URL and, making sure you don't delete the entire URL, change any of the hexadecimal digits in absolute path.  (Remember that hexadecimal uses 0-9 and a-f.)  Once you've changed the absolute path you will be redirected to another page.  There is chance the digits you changed lead you to a page that is already being used but that's alright.  Just do the same thing again until you reach a page that hasn't been taken yet.  They are fairly easy to recognize because when you open an unclaimed page the title and text are empty.  That's where you come in!

When you find a page that isn't claimed it says in large underlined letters at the top, "No Title" and under that "You can use the editor below to write some text...", then there is a break line and that is titled "Edit".  This is where you will put in the title of your page and add content.

WRITING YOUR CONTENT:

There are a few things we need to bring up before you start adding content to your page.  The first is the material you put into the "text" box will act like html once it is posted.  Now, if you don't know html don't worry.  We will be going through all the directions you'll need to get your page looking how you want it to look.

Now, there are several different ways of adding content to your page.  We're going to start at the very beginning with text.  The most straight forward way to add simple content is to put dialogue in the text box below the break line of your page and click on "post" and voila you have content!  Now if you just go in and start typing once you've clicked on "post", depending on how much you put into the "text" box, you probably noticed a few things.  One might be a lack of paragraphs.  This is a simple fix; when putting in a paragraph just hit the "enter" key twice.  Go ahead and fix any paragraphs you need to and don't forget to hit "post".




css:/12345678/00000008
 